This version contains minimal set of features to start run Timetracker for work

*   T6: Create main frame for the time tracker which has controls to show _activity control tree_ and
    _activity archive tree_ (for T5, U35, U7)

    *   T6.1: Make _activity control list_ to save its size after it is closed and then opened again from MainFrame
    *   T6.2: Make MainFrame to display _all activities tree_ and _activity control list_ frames if they
        are not shown yet: avoid duplicate windows.
        
*   T11: Make all frames save their size and position b/w program runs

*   U39: I want to assign parent activity to the already created activity so that I could structure activities

    *   TU39.3: Handle parent dragged to be child of a child node

*   U42: I want to see an alert with error message on every exception happen

*   U43: I want to download binary release of time tracker s.t. I can start it locally

    *   TU43.1: Find out if it is possible to create custom binary releases in github

*   U35: I want to view all inactive activities as a tree with children time aggregated so what I could
    restore activities from "inactive" to "active" state.

*   98087440: U7: As a user I want to view activities grouped in trees by days

    So, I could easily find activities to
    to restore them back into control list, to understand what was done on certain day, and to trigger export
    to toggl CSV for certain day.
    (depends on U32 as I need to create Activities relationship somehow prior building a tree)

    * 98087974: TU7.1: Create a method to load all activities having a
      time entry started or stopped in certain time interval

        This includes authoring a method that loads
        time entries with `timeStart` and `timeStop` in the interval.
        And a method to load time entries such that they have
        one of the time inside the interval and one outside.
        It will be then possible to join the two and show
        their total time net that's outside of the interval.
    
    *   TU7.3: Limit the tree loading to only time entries which
        are only started or stopped in selected interval

    *   TU7.4: Make tree loading split activities if they span over
        the given time boundary.

*   U6: As a user I can restore activities back to control list to be able to start/stop them
    (depends on U7)

*   U31: I want to see aggregate time spent for a day for activities
    which have children in the "activity trees by day" view so that I could see
    how much were done for certain "parent activity" during the day.
    (depends on U7)

*   U8: As a user I want to export "JIRA tasks done by day report" in CSV format compatible with toggl to be able
    to import it into JIRA with timehelp tool.
    (depends on U31 because it will reuse the same "make JIRA task tree with time aggregation" logic)

*   U28: I want to select and edit time entries: two fields out of three ones: timeStart, timeEnd, duration so that
    I could add time entries tracked outside of the timetracker into it and I could increase/decrease time entries
    if I failed to do it with the last time entry.

*   U33: I want activities of type "reportable task" to be shown for certain day with to be shown for certain day
    with all their children time accumulated so that I could see how much time will be reported on each "reportable
    task" for the day.

*   U34: I want to select parent activity (from the tree) for the newly created task. Or to mark this task as
    top-level.
