This version improves "multi-task timer" (Activity Control List) usability

*   U14: I want "add activity" form to have the same size and position as it was when
    last closed to avoid wasting time on resizing and repositioning

*   U18: I want activity control list to have only time summed up for one day so that I can see how much
    time is spent on the task during the day to understand how overall time tracked per day is summed up.

*   U19: I want to see sum up time for tasks in activity control list for the day so that I could understand
    how much time did I already spent for this day to estimate this day efficiency

*   U2: As a user I want to see "time tracking" activity on the control list, so that I could
    easily start it when renaming/creating/hiding activities or doing some other time tracking
    related stuff.
    (version 0.5, caused by U3)

    *   U2.1: Add time tracking activity to the database if not present on construction of ActivityControlList

*   U3: As a user I want special "time tracking" activity
    to be started when I double-click its' name for edit so that I could
    easily track time spent on "time tracking" activities
    (version 0.5, caused by U1, depends on U2)

    *   Start the "time tracking" activity (U2) on "start edit" event

*   U23: I want just added activity to be started so that I don't waste time on starting it additionly

*   U22: I want to add new time entry specifying time_start and duration, so that I could add some time
    measurements done outside of the timetracker with stopwatch and piece of paper or from another timer program.

    *   U22.1: Implement GUI stub which will form the database update request and output it into sysout

    *   U22.2: Add time edit controller which will update the database

*   U24: I want to be notified when requested time decrease for activity is greater then duration of activity
    so that I could see that my decrease request won't be executed fully.
    See ActivityControlList#processStopData method

*   U27: I want to adjust time without using of keyboard with predefined set of values (i.e +3m -3m +2m -2m etc)
    so that I could save some time on switching between mouse and keyboard.

    *   U27.1: How should I handle if user wants to decrease on some value which is not predefined with mouse only?

*   T1: Avoid saving name to database on every text change in the name cell. This was introduced under U17 as resize
    listener uses "old" value to set the row height and it doesn't see textarea content being update right now.

*   U29: I want activity name being edited to be shown even if 'Time tracking' activity is auto switched (see U3)
    and scrollable frame cannot show them both simultaneously due to a lot of over activities so that I don't spend
    time to scroll back to edited row after auto-switch happened.

*   U30: I want activity name editing in the table to be finished by ctrl+enter key stroke so that I could finish
    its editing without grabbing a mouse.

# Backlog

*   U12: As a user I want to see time I started to spend time on the activity today and time
    I finished to spend time to ???
    (is there real necessity in it?)

*   U36: I want database to be updated automatically if I start another version of timetracker.
    Database should store version information. If the version of the timetracker doesn't match 
    the version of database then upgrade/downgrade script is started.

*   U37: I want to distinguish three states of Activity: active, inactive, archived, so that I could
    better control which ones should appear on activity control list. Active activities are always appeared,
    Inactive are not appeared, but I want easily restore them back to active state. Archived activities are
    unlikely to appear on activity control list. All activities ever created in the tool will become
    archived at some point.

*   U38: I want to see parent task's own time as a child node in the task tree so that parent node in the tree
    displays aggregate time only

*   T12: Load several layers of activity descendants to reduce number of DB queries
